Update 2024 contents (#112)
mercari-build/mercari-build-training: README.md

  /[EN](document/06-ci.en.md))
- [ ] **STEP7** (Stretch) Frontend ([JA](document/07-frontend.ja.md)
  /[EN](document/07-frontend.en.md))
- [ ] **STEP8** (Stretch)  Run multi service ([JA](document/08-docker-compose.ja.md)
  /[EN](document/08-docker-compose.en.md))
- [ ] **Extra1** Data structure and algorithm (TBU)
- [ ] **Extra2** (Stretch) Data analysis (TBU)

### Other documents

- 効率的に開発できるようになるためのTips / Tips for efficient development ([JA](document/tips.ja.md)/[EN](document/tips.en.md))

### Which one should I choose, Python or Go?

> * Mercari uses Go for building the backend of their applications. If you like taking on challenges, using Go will let you develop in an environment similar to Mercari's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mercari engineers use Go to build the backend of their applications. If you like taking on challenges, using Go will let you develop in an environment similar to Mercari's.
```
